Updates for RELEASE.2023-07-18T17-49-40Z (#962)
minio/docs: source/reference/minio-mc-admin/mc-admin-info.rst

.. end-mc-admin-info-desc

.. versionchanged:: RELEASE.2023-07-18T17-49-40Z

>    MinIO now reports the number of delete markers on the deployment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   The output includes the number of delete markers on the deployment.
```

Kind of awkward to have this here - we don't make comments for when anything else was added.

Maybe add it after the example instead?

Author: Just deleting it. The updated output includes delete marker count now. That's good enough.
